Below is the expected output for new programming assignment. I will post a
README file later, but you can get started thinking about the assignment by
reading this walkthrough:
   % bash
   % source ./PA3.sh 
   Museum station
   You are at the Museum subway stop.  A passage leads off to the north.
   >i
   You currently have: lamp.
   >x lamp
   The lamp is hand-crafted by Geppetto.
   >

The above output is just like in the previous programming assignment. But this
new assignment now has a drop command also:
   >drop lamp
   Dropped.
   >i
   You currently have: .
   >l
   Museum station
   You are at the Museum subway stop.  A passage leads off to the north.
   There is a lamp here.
   >x lamp
   The lamp is hand-crafted by Geppetto.
   >

The new assignment also implements get:
   >get lamp
   Taken.
   >get lamp
   I do not see that here.
   >l
   Museum station
   You are at the Museum subway stop.  A passage leads off to the north.
   >i
   You currently have: lamp.
   >

Moving on, let's see some of the different behaviors for the get command:
   >n
   N/S tunnel
   You are in a north/south tunnel.
   >n
   North end of N/S tunnel
   You are at the north end of a north/south tunnel.  Stairs lead up and
   down from here.  There is a garbage disposal here.
   >get garbage
   You cannot take that.
   >x garbage
   I see nothing special about that.
   >get disposal
   You cannot take that.
   >x disposal
   I see nothing special about that.
   >get all
   Nothing to take.
   >get amethyst
   I do not see that here.
   >d
   Bottom of subway stairs
   You are at the bottom of some stairs near the subway station.  There is
   a room to the northeast.
   There is an amethyst here.
   >get all
   Taken: amethyst
   >i
   You currently have: amethyst, lamp.
   >

From the above, we see that we will implement "get all", just like in the real
game. The above also shows some different outputs under different scenarios:
"You cannot take that.", "I see nothing special about that.", "Nothing to 
take.", "I do not see that here.", and "Taken: amethyst". You should take the
time to understand why each of the messages were displayed. Moving on:
   >u
   North end of N/S tunnel
   >u
   Top of subway stairs
   You are at the top of some stairs near the subway station.  There is
   a door to the west.
   >w
   Classroom
   You are in a classroom where school children were taught about natural
   history.  On the blackboard is written, ‘No children allowed downstairs.’
   There is a door to the east with an ‘exit’ sign on it.  There is another
   door to the west.
   There is a glycerine here.
   >s
   Maintenance room
   You are in some sort of maintenance room for the museum.  There is a
   switch on the wall labeled ‘BL’.  There are doors to the west and north.
   There is an acid here.
   w>w
   Geological display
   You are in the geological display.  All of the objects that used to
   be on display are missing.  There are rooms to the east, west, and
   north.
   >n
   Marine life area
   You are in the marine life area.  The room is filled with fish tanks,
   which are filled with dead fish that have apparently died due to
   starvation.  Doors lead out to the south and east.
   There is a jar here.
   There is a ruby here.
   >e
   Classroom
   There is a glycerine here.
   >

In the above, we went through the 4-room cycle in the museum, so that we can
now go back through the rooms and only see the short descriptions: 
   >s
   Maintenance room
   There is an acid here.
   >w
   Geological display
   >n
   Marine life area
   There is a jar here.
   There is a ruby here.
   >e
   Classroom
   There is a glycerine here.
   >

The above descrpitions shows that there are a number of objects to get. So now
we'll do that:
   >get all
   Taken: glycerine
   >s
   Maintenance room
   There is an acid here.
   >get all
   Taken: acid
   >w
   Geological display
   >i
   You currently have: acid, amethyst, glycerine, lamp.
   >x acid
   I see nothing special about that.
   >x nitric
   I see nothing special about that.
   >

From the above, we see that the nitric acid always displays as "acid", but the
synonym of "nitric" still works for the user to type. In a similar way, the
emerald bracelet always displays as "bracelet" and the computer board always
displays as "board".  Moving on:
   >n
   Marine life area
   There is a jar here.
   There is a ruby here.
   >get all
   Taken: jar ruby
   >get fish
   You cannot take that.
   >get tanks
   You cannot take that.
   >get all
   Nothing to take.
   >i
   You currently have: acid, amethyst, glycerine, jar, lamp, ruby.
   >

From the above, we see that the "get all" command can get two objects at the
same time, and it isn't confused by immovable objects like the fish or the
tanks. (Note that the display message "Taken: jar ruby" is not quite like the
original game, but it is what we will create in this assignment.) Moving on:
   >s
   Geological display
   w>w
   Museum lobby
   You are in the main lobby for the Museum of Natural History.  In the center
   of the room is the huge skeleton of a dinosaur.  Doors lead out to the
   south and east.
   There is a bone here.
   >get bone
   Taken.
   >s
   Museum entrance
   You are in front of the Museum of Natural History.  A door leads into
   the building to the north, and a road leads to the southeast.
   >se
   Main-Maple intersection
   You are at the intersection of Main Street and Maple Ave.  Main street
   runs north and south, and Maple Ave runs east off into the distance.
   If you look north and east you can see many intersections, but all of
   the buildings that used to stand here are gone.  Nothing remains except
   street signs.
   There is a road to the northwest leading to a gate that guards a building.
   >get all
   Nothing to take.
   >get gate
   You cannot take that.
   >s
   Post office
   You are near the remains of a post office.  There is a mail drop on the
   face of the building, but you cannot see where it leads.  A path leads
   back to the east, and a road leads to the north.
   >get all
   Nothing to take.
   >get mail
   You cannot take that.
   >x mail
   It says ‘express mail’ on it.
   >e
   Meadow
   You are in a meadow in the back of an old building.  A small path leads
   to the west, and a door leads to the south.
   There is a license here.
   There is a silver here.
   >i
   You currently have: acid, amethyst, bone, glycerine, jar, lamp, ruby.
   >get all
   Taken: license silver
   >i
   You currently have: acid, amethyst, bone, glycerine, jar, lamp, license, 
   ruby, silver.
   >

From the above, we see that we now have so many objects that they display on
two lines. This output is different (and better) than in the original game
(which had displayed each object on its own line); you must implement your
output as I've shown above, as a comma-separated list. Moving on:
   >s
   Old Building hallway
   You are in the hallway of an old building.  There are rooms to the east
   and west, and doors leading out to the north and south.
   >s
   Building front
   You are at the end of the road.  There is a building in front of you
   to the northeast, and the road leads back to the southwest.
   >sw
   NE/SW road
   You are on a northeast/southwest road.
   >sw
   Fork
   You are at a fork of two passages, one to the northeast, and one to the
   southeast.  The ground here seems very soft. You can also go back west.
   There is a board here.
   >

In the above, I have uncovered the board, because I want you to be able to
pick up the shovel, but we won't implement the "dig" command. Let's see the
board:
   >x board
   The CPU board has a VAX chip on it.  It seems to have
   2 Megabytes of RAM onboard.
   >x cpu
   The CPU board has a VAX chip on it.  It seems to have
   2 Megabytes of RAM onboard.
   >x chip
   The CPU board has a VAX chip on it.  It seems to have
   2 Megabytes of RAM onboard.
   >x card
   The CPU board has a VAX chip on it.  It seems to have
   2 Megabytes of RAM onboard.
   >get all
   Taken: board
   >ne
   NE/SW road
   >i
   You currently have: acid, amethyst, board, bone, glycerine, jar, lamp, 
   license, ruby, silver.
   >x cpu
   The CPU board has a VAX chip on it.  It seems to have
   2 Megabytes of RAM onboard.
   >x board
   The CPU board has a VAX chip on it.  It seems to have
   2 Megabytes of RAM onboard.
   >

From the above, we see that all of the synonyms work, but the object always
displays as "board". Moving on:
   >sw
   Fork
   >w
   E/W Dirt road
   You are on the continuation of a dirt road.  There are more trees on
   both sides of you.  The road continues to the east and west.
   There is a boulder here.
   >get boulder
   You cannot take that.
   >get tree
   You cannot take that.
   >get coconut
   You cannot take that.
   >get shovel
   I do not see that here.
   >get all
   Nothing to take.
   >

The above further demonstrates the get command. Moving on:
   >w
   Dead end
   You are at a dead end of a dirt road.  The road goes to the east.
   In the distance you can see that it will eventually fork off.  The
   trees here are very tall royal palms, and they are spaced equidistant
   from each other.
   There is a shovel here.
   >get shovel
   Taken.
   >e
   E/W Dirt road
   There is a boulder here.
   >e
   Fork
   >se
   SE/NW road
   You are on a southeast/northwest road.
   There is a food here.
   >get food
   Taken.
   >se
   Bear hangout
   You are standing at the end of a road.  A passage leads back to the
   northwest.
   There is a bear here.
   There is a key here.
   >

In the above, the key is already visible (like the board was already visible),
because we won't implement feeding the bear to get the key. Moving on:
   >get all
   Taken: key
   >get all
   Nothing to take.
   >l
   Bear hangout
   You are standing at the end of a road.  A passage leads back to the
   northwest.
   There is a bear here.
   >get bear
   You cannot take that.
   >sw
   Hidden area
   You are in a well-hidden area off to the side of a road.  Back to the
   northeast through the brush you can see the bear hangout.
   There is a bracelet here.
   >get emerald
   Taken.
   >i
   You currently have: acid, amethyst, board, bone, bracelet, food, glycerine,
   jar, key, lamp, license, ruby, shovel, silver.
   >get bracelet
   I do not see that here.
   >

From the above, we see that the emerald bracelet displays as "bracelet".
Moving on:
   >ne
   Bear hangout
   There is a bear here.
   >i
   You currently have: acid, amethyst, board, bone, bracelet, food, glycerine,
   jar, key, lamp, license, ruby, shovel, silver.
   >drop all
   You do not have that.
   >

From the above, we see that there is no "drop all" (because the original game
doesn't have "drop all"). So we'll have to drop our items one-at-a-time:
   >drop nitric
   Dropped.
   >drop amethyst
   Dropped.
   >drop board
   Dropped.
   >drop bone
   Dropped.
   >drop emerald
   Dropped.
   >drop food
   Dropped.
   >drop glycerine 
   Dropped.
   >drop jar
   Dropped.
   >drop key
   Dropped.
   >drop lamp
   Dropped.
   >drop license
   Dropped.
   >drop ruby
   Dropped.
   >drop shovel
   Dropped.
   >i
   You currently have: silver.
   >drop silver
   Dropped.
   >i
   You currently have: .
   >

From the above, we see how the inventory displays whenit is empty. Moving on:
   >nw
   SE/NW road
   >se
   Bear hangout
   There is an acid here.
   There is an amethyst here.
   There is a bear here.
   There is a board here.
   There is a bone here.
   There is a bracelet here.
   There is a food here.
   There is a glycerine here.
   There is a jar here.
   There is a key here.
   There is a lamp here.
   There is a license here.
   There is a ruby here.
   There is a shovel here.
   There is a silver here.
   >

From the above, we see how all of the get-able objects in the game display.
Notice that the amethyst and the acid use the article "an" (eg, "There is
an amethyst here."). Let's do a massive pickup:
   >i
   You currently have: .
   >get all
   Taken: acid amethyst board bone bracelet food glycerine jar key lamp
   license ruby shovel silver
   >

From the above, we see how the "Taken:..." output displays when many objects
are taken.

We've now seen all the kinds of output that you'll need to create. You will be
implementing the "get" and "drop" commands, as well as modifying the "i" and
"hereitems" commands. Look for the README file later for guidance on how to
do this. But first, let's finish playing the game:
   >i
   You currently have: acid, amethyst, board, bone, bracelet, food, glycerine,
   jar, key, lamp, license, ruby, shovel, silver.
   >nw
   SE/NW road
   >se
   Bear hangout
   There is a bear here.
   >se
   The bear is very annoyed that you would be so presumptuous as to try
   and walk right by it.  He tells you so by tearing your head off.
   
   You are dead.
   You have scored 0 out of a possible 90 points.
   exit
   %
